Flying-Entertainment

No offense in any way if you want to skip my introduction, dedication, prelude, or whatever you like to call it.  Paragraph one is my background and why I am doing this. Paragraph two is what this app is about, what problems I am solving, and why I am solving them. 
 
Hi! I guess I officially passed the first impression test. My name is Jason Stahley. I am 40 years old and was born in 1983 (go ahead and figure out what year it is; you know you want to (2024)). It is hard to remember a time when I was not interested in electronics. I am pretty sure it started with a couple AM radio type projects and a 150 in one (Later 300 in one) made by Radio Shack. It was everything you needed to make 150 circuits. This included the book with a schematic and parts list of the 150 circuits. This took me pretty far. It had a breadboard, LED’s, buttons, 8 digit LED display, a speaker and several other components. This is was way before YouTube. I learned by pretty much blowing things up, walking away (somewhat luckily), and saying… “well… that didn’t work”. What was even better is I was also into model trains and I could apply what I learned to building complex circuits on my train platforms. I remember getting to logical gates. I understood them but never understood why they were so important. That was until I started getting into software and deep down into how computers work. Time goes by, I become a software engineer. This is the beginning of my contribution to the world of open source. This is one of two projects. The other project is around my passion for model railroading. You can check it out here at [ModelTranzit](https://github.com/ModelTranzit). 

Ok, I guess it’s time to get serious. Flying entertainment is an open source project around using drones as flying entertainment. This software can be configured to control a network of quadcopters (drones) in the air or sky. The quadcopters use software to perform a pre-programmed show without collision. Below is the ongoing documentation of the progress of this project. Feel free to jump in and contribute in any way you can. Even editing documentation is a contribution. In other words, you do not have to be a software engineer to submit pull requests. Jump in, learn, and have fun.  
